config SPECIFY_IMGSENSOR
	bool SPECIFY_IMGSENSOR
	depends on MTK_IMGSENSOR
	help
	  Specify name of each sensor to prevent obtaining wrong sensor driver with same sensor ID.
	  For example, imx258_mipi_raw and imx258_mipi_mono are of same sensor ID. If not specifying
	  sensor, imx258_mipi_mono may be recognized as imx258_mipi_raw.

config IMGSENSOR_MAIN
	string "Custom main image sensor"
	depends on SPECIFY_IMGSENSOR
	help
	  Specify main sensor.

config IMGSENSOR_MAIN2
	string "Custom main2 image sensor"
	depends on SPECIFY_IMGSENSOR
	help
	  Specify main2 sensor.

config IMGSENSOR_SUB
	string "Custom sub image sensor"
	depends on SPECIFY_IMGSENSOR
	help
	  Specify sub sensor.

config IMGSENSOR_SUB2
	string "Custom sub2 image sensor"
	depends on SPECIFY_IMGSENSOR
	help
	  Specify sub2 sensor.

config IMGSENSOR_MAIN3
	string "Custom main3 image sensor"
	depends on SPECIFY_IMGSENSOR
	help
	  Specify main3 sensor.

config IMGSENSOR_CUSTOM_CAMERA
	bool "Use custom camera set"
	help
		Use custom camera set

if IMGSENSOR_CUSTOM_CAMERA
choice IMGSENSOR_CAMERA_SET_CHOICE
	prompt "Choose the proper camera set"
config CAMERA_AAT_V31
	bool CAMERA_AAT_V31
	help
	  For AAT V31 camera set
config CAMERA_MMV_V53X
	bool CAMERA_MMV_V53X
	help
		For MMV V53X camera set
config CAMERA_AAU_V13X
	bool CAMERA_AAU_V13X
	help
		For AAU V13X camera set
config CAMERA_AAU_V22
	bool CAMERA_AAU_V22
	help
	  For AAU V22 camera set
config CAMERA_AAT_V32X
	bool CAMERA_AAT_V32X
	help
		For AAT V32X camera set
config CAMERA_AAU_V32
	bool CAMERA_AAU_V32
	help
	  For AAU V32 camera set
config CAMERA_MMU_V32
	bool CAMERA_MMU_V32
	help
	  For MMU V32 camera set
config CAMERA_AAT_V41
	bool CAMERA_AAT_V41
	help
	  For AAT V41 camera set
config CAMERA_AAU_V02
	bool CAMERA_AAU_V02
	help
	  For AAU V02 camera set
config CAMERA_MMU_V22
	bool CAMERA_MMU_V22
	help
	  For MMU V22 camera set
config CAMERA_AAU_V22EX
	bool CAMERA_AAU_V22EX
	help
		For AAU V22EX camera set
config CAMERA_AAV_V13VE
	bool CAMERA_AAV_V13VE
	help
		For AAV V13VE camera set
config CAMERA_MMV_V13VE
	bool CAMERA_MMV_V13VE
	help
		For MMV V13VE camera set
config CAMERA_MMV_V13X
	bool CAMERA_MMV_V13X
	help
		For MMV V13X camera set
endchoice

config CAMERA_SAMSUNG_MODEL_NAME
	string CAMERA_SAMSUNG_MODEL_NAME
	help
		Current model name. Set string by IMGSENSOR_CAMERA_SET_CHOICE.

config CAMERA_SENSOR0
	string "Camera Sensor 0"
	help
		Camera image sensor 0
config CAMERA_SENSOR1
	string "Camera Sensor 1"
	help
		Camera image sensor 1
config CAMERA_SENSOR2
	string "Camera Sensor 2"
	help
		Camera image sensor 2
config CAMERA_SENSOR3
	string "Camera Sensor 3"
	help
		Camera image sensor 3
config CAMERA_SENSOR4
	string "Camera Sensor 4"
	help
		Camera image sensor 4
config CAMERA_SENSOR5
	string "Camera Sensor 5"
	help
		Camera image sensor 5
config CAMERA_SENSOR0_2
	string "Camera Sensor 0_2"
	help
		Camera image sensor 0_2
config CAMERA_SENSOR1_2
	string "Camera Sensor 1_2"
	help
		Camera image sensor 1_2
config CAMERA_SENSOR2_2
	string "Camera Sensor 2_2"
	help
		Camera image sensor 2_2
config CAMERA_SENSOR3_2
	string "Camera Sensor 3_2"
	help
		Camera image sensor 3_2
config CAMERA_SENSOR4_2
	string "Camera Sensor 4_2"
	help
		Camera image sensor 4_2
config CAMERA_SENSOR5_2
	string "Camera Sensor 5_2"
	help
		Camera image sensor 5_2
endif

config CAMERA_ADAPTIVE_MIPI
	bool CAMERA_ADAPTIVE_MIPI
	depends on MTK_IMGSENSOR
	help
	  for using Adaptive MIPI.
	  use CONFIG_CAMERA_ADAPTIVE_MIPI

source "drivers/misc/mediatek/imgsensor/src/common/sysfs/Kconfig"
